Update publishing doc card examples (#2600)
alphagov/govuk-frontend: docs/releasing/publishing.md

1. At stand up, person leading the release to tell the GOV.UK Design System team we are close to releasing so we can coordinate the final cutoff date. Once the cutoff date passes, do not add any further major changes to the release. We can still add small fixes before step 7 as long as we notify the content designer and technical writer. However, we should try to avoid adding too many fixes in this way, as it requires us to repeat some of steps 4-6.

> 2. Developers to raise new issues in the team GitHub repositories ([govuk-frontend](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend), [govuk-frontend-docs](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend-docs), [govuk-prototype-kit](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-prototype-kit)) to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Developers to raise new cards in the team GitHub repositories ([govuk-frontend](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend), [govuk-frontend-docs](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend-docs), [govuk-prototype-kit](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-prototype-kit)) to:
```

Author: The Github terminology for what we create is a 'new issue' - do we still want to switch this to 'cards'?

Reviewer: Hmmm yeah, possibly not...

I suggested switching because it seems like this doc uses 'issue' and 'card' interchangeably, and 'card' looked like the more common term.

To be consistent, should I replace all instances of 'card' with 'issue'?

Author: Potentially. I think we do use them interchangeably, probably because different tools have different terms for them, e.g: Github uses 'issues', Trello uses 'cards', JIRA uses 'tickets'. Github 'issues' does feel a bit more geared towards someone raising a bug report rather than internal pieces of work, but it's the tool we use so perhaps we should switch to that. The mixed use in this doc might also be due to us updating these docs before, during and after the teams switch from Trello to Github.

Reviewer: Ah yep, that all makes sense, ta for the rationale. I'll add a commit to make our terminology consistent.

Reviewer: @vanitabarrett I'll also update our [publish-from-a-support-branch doc](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/blob/main/docs/releasing/publishing-from-a-support-branch.md) to have consistent terminology.

Reviewer: Ah interesting, never thought of that, thanks @querkmachine!

>   - create draft comms for the new release (example card: [#2507](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/issues/2507))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - draft comms for the new release (example card: [#2507](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/issues/2507))
```

  - create release notes for the new release (example card: [#2508](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/issues/2508))
  - release the new version of GOV.UK Frontend to NPM (example card: [#2509](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/issues/2509))
  - update the GOV.UK Design System to use the new release of GOV.UK Frontend (example card: [#2024](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-design-system/issues/2024))
  - update the GOV.UK Frontend Docs to use the new release of GOV.UK Frontend (example card: [#184](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend-docs/issues/184))
  - post the comms and do tidy-up tasks (example card: [#2510](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/issues/2510))

>   Attach all of the above cards to an epic (example card: [#2511](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/issues/2511))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the developers have created these cards, the person leading the release should add them to an epic. (example card: [#2511](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/issues/2511))
```

>   You should also liaise with the GOV.UK Prototype team to see if they will be doing a corresponding release of the Prototype Kit and who should be responsible for that. Cards need to be created to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You should also check with the GOV.UK Prototype Kit team to see if they'll be doing a corresponding release. If they will, then the people responsible for the Kit release will need to:
```

  - create release notes for the new release of GOV.UK Prototype Kit (example card: [#958](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-prototype-kit/issues/958))
  - create a card for the new release of GOV.UK Prototype Kit (example card: [#917](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-prototype-kit/issues/917))
  - update the GOV.UK Prototype Kit to use the new release (example card: [#923](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-prototype-kit/issues/923))

> 3. Person leading the release to add the issues to the [Design System kanban board](https://github.com/orgs/alphagov/projects/4).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Person leading the release to add the cards to the [Design System kanban board](https://github.com/orgs/alphagov/projects/4).
```
